1.  The inline style CSS rules in the style element override the external CSS document because the more local a style is defined, the higher priority.
    The inline style is more local to the html document than the external document, also the inline will be prioritised 

2.  The reason to use ID over classes is if you want to alter one specific element, and only that one because the ID is unique to only one specific element.
    While when you use classes you can setup the HTML in a way where you put a lot of elements inside that class and that way alter multiple elements the same way.
    For example in this assignment i used ID to alter the cover picture of the tea or a picture of myself. An example of how i could use class is if i wanted to 
    alter all the paragraphs in an specific part of the website, to for example change the font. Or if i wanted to put a box around the list and a few more paragraphs 
    after the list, i could include both the list and that paragraph into the class to alter multiple events at the same time.
    Basically, ID belongs to a single element, while class can contain multiple elements

3.  RGBA is short for Red Green Blue Alpha. Its a combination of the RGB color model with an extra fourth alpha channel. The alpha part alters how opaque each of the pixels will be.
    Also it can create a color which seem even lighter than the normal one and can make the color look very different with only the alpha parameter changed.
    In RGB you have 3 slides where you can choose the intensity of Red,Green and Blue. The combination of how intense each of the slides can be can create a lot of different color results.

4.  When you put the CSS in the head, then the CSS rules will be declared before the website begins. Also all your styles will be loaded.
    If you put the styles in the body, then the browser will have to re-render when the CSS link is detected inside of body. If you put the CSS files at the bottmon then it will try to render 
    the website without the CSS until it detects the CSS declaracy, in which it will re-render.

5. article is the selecto rwhich matches all the elements inside of the follow HTML